Release new crate versions (#923)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: mountpoint-s3-client/CHANGELOG.md

## v0.9.0 (June 26, 2024)

> * Adds support for `AWS_ENDPOINT_URL` environment variable. ([#895](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/895))
> * Support backpressure for GetObject request ([#889](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/889))
> * Fix an issue where mountpoint-s3-client could interpret a HTTP 206 Partial success response as an error ([#917](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/commit/e299e2b71b3e5a2882b2d16035df6875476b3588))
> * Provide ErrorMetadata to crate::fuse layer with errors from the client ([#882](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/882))
> * Avoid creating a new rule engine for every endpoint resolution ([#860](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/860))
> * Allow building on 32-bit platforms ([#852](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/852))
> * Adopt polling API for uploading data in PutObject requests ([#874](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/874))
> * Initialize the CRT eagerly in tests ([#900](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/900))

Reviewer: Remove a few changes related to testing or building. Also tweak some changelog.
```suggestion
* Adds support for `AWS_ENDPOINT_URL` environment variable. ([#895](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/895))
* Support backpressure for GetObject request ([#889](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/889))
* Fix an issue where mountpoint-s3-client could interpret a HTTP 206 Partial success response as an error ([#917](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/917))
* Introduce a new trait `ProvideErrorMetadata` to provide additional information for error reporting ([#882](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/882))
* Improve overall performance by not creating a new rule engine for every endpoint resolution ([#860](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/860))
* Adopt polling API for uploading data in PutObject requests ([#874](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/874))
```
